1: Calculator Object
    1: Properties
        1: Result
    2: Methods
        1: Addition -> Calls addition static method from addition.py
        2: Subtraction -> Calls subtraction static method from subtraction.py
        3: Multiplication -> Calls multiplication static method from multiplication.py
        4: Division -> Calls division static method from division.py
        5: Square -> Calls square static method from square.py
        6: Square Root -> Calls square root static method from square_root.py
    3: Calculator Static Class
        1: Methods
            1: Addition -> Calls addition class method of add
            2: Subtraction -> Calls subtraction class method of subtract
            3: Multiplication -> Calls multiplication class method of multiply
            4: Division -> Calls division class method of divide
            5: Square -> Calls square class method of square
            6: Square Root -> Calls sqiare root class method of squareRoot
    4: Operations Classes
	1: Addition
		1: Methods
			1. Sum of 2 numbers
	2: Subtraction
		1: Methods
			1. Difference of 2 numbers
	3: Multiplication
		1: Methods
			1. Product of 2 numbers
	4: Division
		1: Methods
			1. Dividend of 2 numbers
			2. Implemented divide by 0 error
	5: Square
		1: Methods
			1. Squaring a number (Raising to the power of 2)
	6: Square Root
		1: Methods
			1. Getting the square root of a number
2: Random Generator Object
	1: Properties:
		1. Result
	2: Methods:
		1. Random Integer Generator -> Generate a random integer between two numbers without a seed
		2. Random Decimal Generator -> Generate a random decimal between two numbers without a seed
		3. Random Integer Generator (Seeded) -> Generate a random integer between two numbers with a seed
		4. Random Decimal Generator (Seeded) -> Generate a random decimal between two numbers with a seed
		5. Generate List of Integers (Seeded) -> Generate a random list of integers with a seed (same values everytime)
		6. Generate List of Decimals (Seeded) -> Generate a random list of decimals with a seed (same values everytime)
		7. Select a Random Item from a List -> Select a random item from a list that is passed in
		8. Select a Random Item from a List (Seeded) -> Select a random item from a list that is passed in with a seed (same value everytime)
		9. Select N Number of Items from a List -> Select a specified amount of values that is in a list
		10. Select N Number of Items from a List (Seeded) -> Select a specified amount of values that is in a list with a seed (same values everytime)
	3: Random Generator Static Classes:
	    

